hello today I'm going to give you a
blueprint for how to create an invisible
part for a sew in weave okay okay so the
first thing you want to do is make a
u-shape part starting from here and
starting from here so we're going to
part the hair going like that sorry hope
you can see that this part the hair so
this is a u-shaped part okay so the next
thing you want to do this is the middle
right here so you want to make another
part going back just like that so now we
have two sections of hair one two so
just take this section of here or here
and put it in a little pony tail and put
it aside okay so the second the next
thing you want to do is make small
cornrows start from here go into this
way and then you want to braid it okay
make another one make another one going
all the way
you
just keep braiding the hair make the key
is to make tiny tiny tiny tiny cornrows
and the front of the hair then you want
to switch over to this side corner the
hair really tiny at this point you're
going to have the tale of the cornrows
coming out on this side and on this side
so you just want to attach those tails
onto the existing Cuomo's that you have
going on on the head the next time
you're going to do is you're going to
try to you're going to put the track on
top just to measure and see where to cut
the track okay so we're going to cut it
right there
alright and so the next thing after you
cut it you want to split the track
because remember this is an invisible
part we've sewing weed so you want it to
look as natural as possible so want to
split this track right here after you've
done that you the way you're going to
live is like this and an angle like that
and then what you want to begin sewing
and one tip is never late like this like
straight like that because it's not
going to work you could either do it
like this or this way what I don't know
I prefer this way like that and so you
want to do it close you want to sew them
close together so the next one will be
right here the next right here and so on
keep going all the way up you want to go
to this side and do the same thing keep
sewing all the way up until you reach
right there and stop
ok so this section is going to be the
closure right here ok ok so this piece
is going to be full closure and it
should look like this you don't have to
split this one ok so willing to do is
put some glue on the web right there
roll it just keep rolling it tight just
like that so it should look something
like this ok now the next thing you want
to do just kind of flip it a little bit
like that and so it should look like
this like that ok and to let us stay a
little flatter just do the flat iron and
just press it down all right ok so
remember this is the closure piece so
we're going to put it right here can you
see that we're going to put it right
there that's the closure piece with it
invisible part we've ok so you can on so
that part in I hope you enjoyed this
tutorial thank you so much for watching
please leave a message or comment I'm
sorry let me know what you think or if
you're confused about anything please
let me know it thanks again for watching
bye bye
you